-Good! You guys are all here.[br]-What's up?
I have a job interview[br]at Ralph Lauren tomorrow.
Congratulations!
Oh. boy.[br]That guy's underwear sucks!
What?
Well. I got this pair marked "XS. "
Let me tell you. there was no room[br]for excess anything in there.
I'll be the coordinator[br]of the women's collection.
I'll work right under the director.[br]It's the perfect job for me!
If you nail the interview.[br]you'll get it.
You want to work[br]on your interview skills?
Let's start with the handshake.
Very good handshake.[br]Good wrist action.
Let me try.
Oh. my God![br]What did I ever do to you?
Did I squeeze too hard?
Let's just say[br]I'm glad I'm not Chandler.
The One with Rachel's lnadvertent Kiss
That's right. Ross.[br]I can see you in your new apartment.
Same as yesterday.[br]same as the day before.
Is he doing[br]his "shark attack" bit?
No. Oh. wait![br]There he goes.
Very funny. Ross.
Very lifelike and funny.
No. no.[br]I wasn't waving at you. lady.
Whoa. maybe I was.
This hot girl in Ross' building[br]is flirting with me.
Get in there. man.[br]Flirt back. Mix it up!
Yeah. I'm down with that.
Okay. here goes.
How. . .
. . .you. . .
. . .doing?
It worked! She's waving me over.[br]I'll be right over.
Let's see.[br]she's on the third floor. . . .
-She is pretty. huh?[br]-Tell me about it.
No. no! I'm not with her.
That's just Monica.
Hey. Joey!
Great stuff. huh?
This your place?
Yeah. of course it is.[br]Come on in.
Go by the window.[br]You can pretend to be surfing.
I counted.[br]You're not supposed to live here!
Oh. man!
What happened?
I ended up at Ross' place.[br]I must have miscounted or something.
Damn! She's not there anymore.
Look. Ross is doing[br]his "watching TV" bit.
No. Joe. I think[br]he's just watching TV.
We've lost visual contact[br]with the suspect.
Okay. now I really have to go.
It's so unfair that[br]our date has to get cut short. . .
. . .just because some guy[br]shot at a store clerk.
-I know. but it's my job.[br]-Then maybe I could come too?
Suspect has just emerged[br]naked from the sewer.
All right. you go.
Oh. God!
Oh. I just miss him so much!
For just a week.[br]you guys are close.
Yeah. it's weird.[br]I can't help it. He's so sweet.
He's like this little[br]puppy dog. you know?
But like a really tough one[br]who shoots bad guys.
I love the beginning parts[br]of relationships.
You can't keep your hands[br]off each other.
I know. It is the best.
How long did that last[br]for you and Chandler?
What? It's still going on.
Come on. seriously.[br]When did it end?
I am serious. We're all over[br]each other all the time.
Okay. you know where you are[br]better than I do.
Why don't you just calm down?
Get all your facts before you tell[br]everybody you're the only hot couple.
God. I woke the beast.
I was wrong obviously.[br]I just misspoke. It's okay.
It is okay.
As long as you know Chandler and I[br]are also hot and fiery.
Just as hot as you.
I mean. our flame. . . .
It is on fire!
Here's your broom back.
You are so cute!
How'd the interview go?
Horrible! I did the stupidest.[br]most embarrassing thing.
Did you say you wanted to have sex[br]with his wife then fall off your chair?
So what happened?
It was horrible![br]And the interview part went so well.
I even made him laugh.
He said something about a boat. . .
. . .and I was like. "Well. yeah.[br]if you've got enough life jackets. "
Trust me.[br]It was actually very funny.
Anyway. we were[br]saying goodbye and. . . .
What happened?
We were shaking hands. . .
...and he leaned in toward me.
Maybe he was opening the door...
...but I totally[br]misread him and l....
You kissed him?
I didn't know what else to do!
You could have tried. . .
. . .not kissing him.
Thanks. Chandler.
A guy from Ralph Lauren called.[br]You got a second interview.
I can't believe it![br]I got a second interview.
That kiss isn't looking like[br]such a mistake now. is it?
You don't think that's[br]why he wants me back?
Yeah!
No?
What are you talking about?
I accidentally kissed him[br]in the interview. . .
. . .and now he wants me back. . .
. . .because. "Let's bring back[br]the girl who kisses everybody! "
Come on. Rach.
What if he thinks[br]I'll just sleep with him?
He wants you back because[br]you're right for the job.
Maybe. I don't know. Oh. God![br]How could I be so stupid?
Rachel. don't say that. I think[br]you just need a hug from Joey.
Come on. Come on.
She's back! Hot girl's back!
Well. I'm not totally back yet.[br]But I appreciate it.
No. In Ross' building.[br]She's back!
Wait there.[br]I'll be over in a second.
One. two. three. . . .[br]Got it!
I gotta check out this hot girl.
There she is!
Damn it! Did you move?
Yes.
I lived with you for a while.[br]Then I found this place.
I'm Ross.
Do you happen to have[br]a hot girl in there?
No. I'm all alone.
Yeah. Sorry about that.
Hey. little girl.
Is your mommy or sister or babysitter[br]by any chance. a hot girl?
Daddy!
Later. girl!
Oh. man!
Hot girl?
Hot girl!
Hi. Rachel. Come on in.
-It's nice to see you again.[br]-Thank you.
What?
Excuse me?
Yeah. let me--
Okay. I see what's going on here.[br]Now. look. . .
. . .I'm sorry if I gave you[br]the wrong impression.
But I am not some hussy who will[br]just sleep around to get ahead.
Even though I kissed you.[br]that does not give you. . .
. . .the right to demand sex from me![br]I do not want this job that bad.
Good day. sir.
You are not gonna believe. . .
. . .what that sleazeball[br]from Ralph Lauren did to me!
Okay. that's amazing![br]How did you know that?
You got ink on your lip.
What do you say. maybe.[br]sometime I hold your gun?
We're not supposed to do that.
What could happen? I mean--
Yeah. I'm gonna say no.
-Do you want to see a movie tonight?[br]-We can't. We already have plans.
What are you doing?
Well. same thing we did all day.[br]Just hang out at Gary's apartment.
He is so amazing.[br]We never left the bedroom.
But have fun at the movie.
Well. we're not seeing a movie.
Then why did you ask us[br]if we wanted to go?
Because I just wanted[br]to know what you were doing. . .
. . .so you wouldn't walk in[br]on me and Chandler. . .
. . .while we were doing it all night.
Will you excuse me?
Chandler?[br]Can I see you for a second?
-We have got to beat them![br]-Why?
Because Gary and Phoebe think[br]they're a hotter couple than us.
So?
So we've gotta go have a lot of sex[br]and prove them wrong!
You've got to stop this[br]competitive thing. It's crazy.
Just to impress them. you want us[br]to have sex over and over. . .
. . .and I'm saying no to this. why?[br]Get your coat!
Excuse me.
You should check this out.[br]Tell the other tenants.
Apparently. he's looking[br]for some kind of hot girl.
Who isn't?
I don't think we've met.[br]I'm Ross.
I know. You're the guy who[br]wouldn't chip in for the handyman.
Never mind.
I actually thought it was unfair[br]the way everyone reacted.
I mean. you had just moved in.
I had just moved in!
Thank you!
Listen. . . .
Jen.
I know this may sound a little--
But would you want to grab[br]a cup of coffee sometime?
Sure. that would be nice.
My number's on there.[br]Give me a call.
I will give you a call.
-I'll see you later.[br]-Okay.
I forgot my paper.
That was amazing.
Phoebe and Gary are so gonna[br]hear about this at dinner.
We are the hottest. huh?
No one is hotter than we are.
-We're the best.[br]-No. you're the best.
-No. you're the best.[br]-No. you're the best.
I am the best.
Hey. guys.
What you been doing?
Isn't that the girl who waved at you?
I don't know. but I can[br]see through your sheet.
Yeah. that's her.
You know. it doesn't matter.[br]I'll never meet her.
It's impossible to find her apartment!
She lives in some hot-girl[br]parallel universe or something.
What are you talking about?
She lives on the 2nd floor.[br]7th apartment from the left.
No. she lives on the 3rd floor.[br]8th apartment from the left.
No. Those first two windows.[br]that's the lobby.
That other window is the stairway.[br]You've been counting wrong.
I did not know that![br]Thank you. Monica.
I almost lost another girl[br]because of counting!
-So. you ready?[br]-Yeah. I'll just get my coat.
-Could you get that?[br]-Sure.
No! No!
First. I would like to say[br]thank you for seeing me again.
That's all right.
But I feel obligated to tell you[br]that this meeting is being videotaped.
Well. first. I would like to start[br]by apologizing for kissing you. . .
. . .and for yelling at you.
Fair enough.
Now. you're probably going to hire[br]one of the people who did not. . .
. . .yell at you and storm out.
And I think that's a big mistake.[br]And here's why.
I made a huge fool of myself.[br]and I came back. That shows courage.
When I thought you wanted sex[br]in exchange for this job. I said no.
That shows integrity.
And I was not afraid[br]to stand up for myself. . .
. . .and that shows courage.
Now. I know that I've[br]already said courage. . .
. . .but you've got to have courage.
And finally. when I thought[br]you were making sexual advances. . .
. . .I said no.[br]and I was not litigious.
So there you go![br]You got courage. . .
. . .you got integrity.[br]you got courage again. . .
. . .and not litigious.
Look. Mr. . . .
Zelner.
I knew that!
Oh. I knew that.
I really. really want this job.
And I think I would be[br]really good at it.
You know what?
I may regret this. . .
. . .but I'll give you a shot.
You are?
Really?
Thank you. Oh. God!
Would it be inappropriate[br]if I gave you a hug?
Well. how about a handshake?
Oh. God! I'm sorry!
I did not mean to touch that![br]I mean. you!
There!
I'm gonna leave.[br]Thank you very much.
Hey. I'll see you Monday.
Are you tired?
You better believe he's tired[br]after the day we had!
If you know what I mean.[br]Do you know what I mean?
Honey? The tortilla chips[br]know what you mean.
Do you like that badge I got you?
Oh. yeah. it's so cool.
Now. I gotta go.[br]Officer Bing's got a 1 0-1 00.
That's pee-pee.
Phoebe. you have a twig in your hair.
We kind of took a detour[br]on our way over here.
We were strolling through the park[br]and no one was around. so. . . .
-You didn't.[br]-We did!
We violated section 1 2.[br]paragraph 7 of the criminal code.
The park. huh?
Public place.
I hear you.[br]Can you excuse me for a second?
Hi. Chandler.
Monica. this is the men's room.
Isn't it?
Yes. it is.
But see. I've always found[br]the men's bathroom very sexual.
Haven't you?
No.
And if I did. I don't think[br]we'd be going out.
This is getting ridiculous.
Come on. we can't let them win!
We've proved that we are hot. okay?[br]So why are you obsessed about this?
Phoebe and Gary are in that. . .
. . . "can't keep their hands[br]off each other" phase!
So?
It makes me really sad that[br]we're not really there anymore.
Oh. is that what[br]this has all been about?
Wasn't it a lot more exciting[br]when we were. . .
. . .all over each other all the time?
Yeah. that was great.[br]That was really great.
But the truth is. I'm more[br]excited about where we are now.
-Really?[br]-Yeah.
I've never been in a relationship[br]this long before.
To get past the beginning and[br]still want to be around each other?
I think that's incredible.
And the fact that[br]this is happening with you. . .
. . .I think that's pretty exciting.
That's so sweet.
I know that I was acting[br]a little crazy. . .
. . .but I feel the same way.
You know what I just realized?
You just freaked out[br]about our relationship.
-I did not.[br]-Yes. you did!
Admit it. You freaked out!
I freaked out a little.
A little?[br]You freaked out bigtime. okay?
And I fixed it![br]We have switched places.
I am the relationship king. and you[br]are the crazy. irrational screwup!
And now we're back.
I cannot believe Ross is buying this.
Thank God![br]I can't watch him anymore.
You guys ready?
By the way. thank you for[br]loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Man. they cannot get enough!